Add IIS instrumentation docs (#271)
signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing: docs/iis-instrumentation.md

> # IIS instrumentation

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
# Instrument an ASP.NET application deployed on IIS
```

> By default Windows installer enables IIS instrumentation by setting `Environment` registry key for W3SVC and WAS services located in `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the installer enables IIS instrumentation by setting the `Environment` registry key for W3SVC and WAS services located in the `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services` folder.
```

> By default, the installer enables IIS instrumentation by setting the `Environment` registry key for W3SVC and WAS services located in the `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the installer enables IIS instrumentation for .NET Framework
 by setting the `Environment` registry key for W3SVC and WAS services
 located in the `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services` folder.
```

## Additional local configuration

> Additional local configuration is necessary if you are running multiple applications on a single server (such as IIS server with multiple web apps). This helps set application specific behavior (such as setting service name via `SIGNALFX_SERVICE_NAME`). Local configuration has higher precedence than global (machine level) configuration and will overwrite global values. Note that machine-level environment values affect every .NET application on that server.

Reviewer: **IMPORTANT**
Is it not required to set `CORECLR_ENABLE_PROFILING` and `CORECLR_PROFILER` for .NET (Core)? The installer does not set these values. Personally I propose to update the installer to add these 😉

Reviewer 3: The statement in documentation is pretty clear. .NET Framework on IIS.

I do not think that .NET Core on IIS is common scenario. By default it is hosted on Kestrel instead of IIS.

If we speaking about CORECLR_ registry settings. I do not think that it is good idea to add it now. We should make some manual tests to provide it. @pellared , consider keep it as it is/create separate jira item.

Reviewer: I propose to:

1. Remove the `### .NET and .NET Core` section
1. Remove the `.NET Framework` header (only the header - the content is OK)

After spending some time I do not think IIS instrumentation makes much sense (and probably it would not even work) for .NET (Core).

> Additional local configuration is necessary if you are running multiple applications on a single server (such as IIS server with multiple web apps). This helps to set application specific behavior (such as setting service name via `SIGNALFX_SERVICE_NAME`). Local configuration has higher precedence than global (machine level) configuration and will overwrite global values. Please note that machine level environment values are affecting every .NET application on that server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additional local configuration is necessary if you are running multiple applications on a single server (such as IIS server with multiple web apps). This helps set application specific behavior (such as setting service name via `SIGNALFX_SERVICE_NAME`). Local configuration has higher precedence than global (machine level) configuration and will overwrite global values. Note that machine-level environment values affect every .NET application on that server.
```

### .NET Framework

> Local configuration for .NET Framework apps can be done via updating `web.config`. See [advanced-config.md](advanced-config.md#configuration-methods) for syntax.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Local configuration for .NET Framework apps can be done by updating the `web.config` file. See [advanced-config.md](advanced-config.md#configuration-methods) for more information.
```

> ### .NET Core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### .NET and .NET Core
```

> Please follow [Microsoft guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/environments?view=aspnetcore-3.1#set-the-environment) how to set additional local environment variables for .NET Core apps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the [Microsoft guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/environments?view=aspnetcore-3.1#set-the-environment) on how to set additional local environment variables for .NET Core apps.
```

# Instrument an ASP.NET application deployed on IIS

By default, the installer enables IIS instrumentation for .NET Framework
by setting the `Environment` registry key for W3SVC and WAS services
located in the `HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services` folder.

## Additional local configuration

Additional local configuration is necessary if you are running multiple

> applications on a single server (such as IIS server with multiple web apps).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
applications on a single server (such as IIS server with multiple webapps).
```

> This helps set application specific behavior (such as setting service name via `SIGNALFX_SERVICE_NAME`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This helps set application-specific behavior (such as setting the service name via `SIGNALFX_SERVICE_NAME`).
```

> This helps set application-specific behavior (such as setting the service name via `SIGNALFX_SERVICE_NAME`).

Reviewer: I think we should simply add a step to add `SIGNALFX_SERVICE_NAME` to the `web.config` file. In all our instrumentations (other languages/ecosystems and even in instructions how to instrument a normal all and Windows Service) we say that this setting should be set.

> Local configuration has higher precedence than global (machine level)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Local configuration has higher precedence than global (machine-level)
```

configuration and will overwrite global values.
Note that machine-level environment values affect every .NET application

> on that server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
on the server where they're defined.
```

### .NET Framework

> Local configuration for .NET Framework apps can be done

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Local configuration for .NET Framework apps can be edited
```
